Alright, okay.
So if you guys have
a big sized notebook
and you use it
as a desktop replacement,
you’re going to love this.
Check this out,
this is really cool.
This is the Vantek.
It’s actually called the NBA-100U
5.1 USB audio adapter.
This is, pretty much,
a sound card in a little tiny box.
It’s extremely affordable and
what you do is you plug it in USB,
you install their drivers and
there’s a little software packet,
and what it does is,
it gives you 6 channels of volume.
It gives you 5.1 surround sound
and it’s great for people
that have notebooks,
it’s great for people that,
let’s say you have a computer
and let’s say you have
a bunch of video cards in there,
you have no space
for a sound card
and your motherboard,
for whatever reason,
does not offer
surround sound audio.
You plug this baby in,
it’s very very affordable,
I can’t tell you the price
because it might even be cheaper
if you see this video
a year from now.
But, extremely affordable
and it does give you 5.1.
It is usable for desktops,
like I just mentioned,
but I think, more than anybody,
it’s for people that are using
little notebooks,
netbooks, stuff like that
or if you have a big one.
Let’s say that you have a 17” notebook
and you use it
as a desktop replacement.
It kind of sticks around in
your house, you know, it’s great.
You can get one of those
laptop coaters
that has a USB hub on the back,
you plug this in and then you plug
your 5-channel speakers into this
and then, as soon as you come home,
you plug in that USB
and you automatically
have surround sound.
You can watch TV’s on it,
you can watch movies…
Did I say TV’s?
That’s pretty funny, huh?
Funny, you like that Alfred?
That’s funny, huh?
By the way everybody,
Alfred is filming today.
Very weird. So if you get sick,
write him an e-mail.
Alfred AS at Alfred dot com,
I don’t know. Whatever.
So, let’s move on.
Let me talk about this thing.
Actually, you know what?
Let me pull it out here.
Let me show you what it’s like.
Because it is very small,
very compact and, like I said,
it’s going to be very useful
to a lot of people,
because it is quite affordable.
My first gripe with it is that
it’s packaging is dangerous, man.
I’m surprised that my fingers
are still attached.
Alright, so here it is.
You can see, it is very small.
See when I pull out little things
like this Alfred?
This is when you zoom in
a little bit.
You don’t have to go crazy, but…
as you can see,
you got a power button.
Actually, this is an indicator light
to show you that it’s on.
You got a plus and minus
for your volume
and then you’re going to notice that,
right through here,
you have all your inputs for your
5 surround sound, so this is…
this is your rear, this is
your center and your subwoofer
and this is your front.
Now, over here is something else
that’s very interesting.
You’re going to notice that
it says line-in.
That line-in right there
is actually for mono line in
and this is mic-in,
this is stereo in.
So you’re going to actually input
more audio through here
and have multiple channels.
So, another thing that’s actually
kind of impressive
about this thing is, if you’re using this
for your microphone
and you’re using this for something else,
you can actually input more
than one audio into your computer
because this
is completely separate.
If you already have a video card,
or you already have a mic in,
the USB is completely separate
from the rest of the audio.
So this can actually add
a lot of utility to your computer.
Now, another thing
that’s very important
that this little device does is
it has this little chip inside
that can automatically,
pretty much,
change the format of your audio.
It’ll upsample it from 2 channels
to 5.1 channels,
it’ll do like a virtual surround,
which is actually great.
And again, it does add that second card,
or it acts as a second card,
so that gives you
a lot of versatility.
You can have
a stereo playing outside,
some music for your guests,
and then you can be in your room
playing music at the same time,
different things,
which is actually really cool.
So again, it’s great for people
with laptops and desktop replacements
that are using laptops.
It’s easy, it’s got simple software,
it’s very affordable.
It’s the Vantek NBA-100U
5.1 audio USB adapter.
If you have any questions on it,
e-mail me.
See you guys next time.
Good job Alfred.
For more information on the Vantek
NBA-100U USB 5.1 audio adapter
type in V13-3350 into the search engine
of any of these major retailers.
For ComputerTV
I'm Albert.
(C) 2008 SYX Services, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Channel: TigerDirectBlog